# VisionBlock


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a
href="https://github.com/Ahmed-Khaled-Saleh/fedai/blob/main/fedai/data/vision/block.py#L17"
target="_blank" style="float:right; font-size:smaller">source</a>

### RotateMaskTransform

``` python

def RotateMaskTransform(
    rotation_k, mask, patch_size, cfg
):

```

*Base class for all neural network modules.*

Your models should also subclass this class.

Modules can also contain other Modules, allowing them to be nested in a
tree structure. You can assign the submodules as regular attributes::

    import torch.nn as nn
    import torch.nn.functional as F

    class Model(nn.Module):
        def __init__(self) -> None:
            super().__init__()
            self.conv1 = nn.Conv2d(1, 20, 5)
            self.conv2 = nn.Conv2d(20, 20, 5)

        def forward(self, x):
            x = F.relu(self.conv1(x))
            return F.relu(self.conv2(x))

Submodules assigned in this way will be registered, and will also have
their parameters converted when you call :meth:`to`, etc.

.. note:: As per the example above, an `__init__()` call to the parent
class must be made before assignment on the child.

:ivar training: Boolean represents whether this module is in training or
evaluation mode. :vartype training: bool

## Vision Block

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a
href="https://github.com/Ahmed-Khaled-Saleh/fedai/blob/main/fedai/data/vision/block.py#L60"
target="_blank" style="float:right; font-size:smaller">source</a>

### VisionBlock

``` python

def VisionBlock(
    cfg, idx, fds, train:bool=True, transform:NoneType=None
):

```

*An abstract class representing a :class:`Dataset`.*

All datasets that represent a map from keys to data samples should
subclass it. All subclasses should overwrite :meth:`__getitem__`,
supporting fetching a data sample for a given key. Subclasses could also
optionally overwrite :meth:`__len__`, which is expected to return the
size of the dataset by many :class:`~torch.utils.data.Sampler`
implementations and the default options of
:class:`~torch.utils.data.DataLoader`. Subclasses could also optionally
implement :meth:`__getitems__`, for speedup batched samples loading.
This method accepts list of indices of samples of batch and returns list
of samples.

.. note:: :class:`~torch.utils.data.DataLoader` by default constructs an
index sampler that yields integral indices. To make it work with a
map-style dataset with non-integral indices/keys, a custom sampler must
be provided.
